Add public Vale configuration (#287)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/write/image-guidelines/index.md

### Recommended image editors

<!-- vale Grafana.Spelling = NO -->

- Linux: Use [gimp](https://www.gimp.org/)
- macOS: Use [Snagit](https://www.techsmith.com/screen-capture.html)
- Windows: Use [Snagit](https://www.techsmith.com/screen-capture.html)
- Web browser: Use [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/)

<!-- vale Grafana.Spelling = YES -->

## Where to store media assets

All visual assets are stored in Google Cloud Storage, only accessible to Grafana Labs employees. You use the [asset upload application](https://admin.grafana.com/upload/) to upload assets.

> The following table lists the steps you take to provide the Grafana Labs technical documentation team with the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the steps you take to provide us with the image.
```

Author: I'm not sure if a reader will have enough context to understand who "us" is.

That being said, I'm not sure how the reader knows who "the Grafana Labs technical documentation team" is either.
